Docs: Add notes about exposed API keys (#9206)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/_snippets/obtain-personal-api-key.mdx

> Personal API keys can enable full access to your account, like logging in with your email and password. You can create multiple, give them different scopes, and each can be invalidated individually. This improves the security of your PostHog account. We recommend keeping them private and only using them in your server-side code.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Personal API keys can enable full access to your account, like logging in with your email and password. You can create multiple, give them different scopes, and each can be invalidated individually. This improves the security of your PostHog account. Personal API keys need to be kept private, and shouldn't be used in the frontend.
```
